listen so this is part of the series
that I've been doing over here on let me
explain called
let us explain it's super clever right
yeah all right four frames a Nick over
here since you guys know he's the do you
remembered you right here like when it
comes to nostalgia this is the man to
hit up over here so considering that is
Halloween I wanted to do one for hocus
pocus and I forgot to bring him along so
it's like I said we're gonna be doing
this one on hocus pocus a shout out to
all of the patrons over there like I
said we put the entire commentary track
up on patreon you can go check it out
you can just listen to it there I'm
pretty sure you get like download it as
well I don't know if SoundCloud gives
you that option but you can check out
the whole thing over there since we're
not allowed to play the movie with you
here but of course I also got the
highlights that you're going to be
watching for this little episode right
here so Nick if you're ready I'm gonna
count it down
to play it in three two one
what surprises me is that this came out
in 93 I was born in ninety or sketched
in 93 so like this is this movies as old
as I am
I wasn't born yet but this isn't a joint
see that's so crazy to me cuz right
there can you look at that right I had
no idea that was even him to meet Kenny
Ortega spher Strohm with High School
Musical yeah this music videos and then
I can't even tell you also did the
Cheetah Girls right I've never actually
seen Cheetah Girls what no you've never
been to Barcelona nah with Raven and her
friends and I know about Raven but not
the friend
when I saw Jessica Parker in this movie
I didn't think it was Sarah Jessica
Parker same everyone always talks about
how she has a prosthetic for this I did
not know that cuz she don't look like
the classics he say her jessica classics
yeah to put it lightly yeah you know
when I see Bojack horseman I think Teddy
before it I think pretty up Oh hands
down but I remember seeing this was
probably one of the reasons why I always
had it on repeat was mainly because of
Sarah Jessica Parker right mmm so like
as a kid you're like yo that sexy witch
from hocus pocus has her own show yeah
and it's called Sex in the City
pop that bad boy on and then you're like
oh that's not her oh that's not nothing
I liked her better when she was a witch
sigh her at all you got the Katniss fall
don't you hate it when you just fall and
you just keep going up the foot never
stop is Sarah Jessica Parker like just
mad attractive in this yeah because the
rest of them look like that she's like
supposed to be like the innocent like
but like dark wizard dark witch uh-huh
anything like she's the Amanda Seyfried
a day later later in a movie like that
seductive song mm-hmm but like and then
everyone else is just like both
attacking you with aggressiveness so she
just comes out it's like the Duff effect
yeah damn he's just [ __ ] murdering
her bra he just straight up Nick slime
time live them oh my god she's like a
whole ghost here I know see every time I
used to watch this movie growing up I
always mixed it up with do you remember
that uh I'm telling you if you remember
do you remember the as mind it was a kid
that's your thing sorry the casts brewed
there was a cast for movie yet with
Lizzie McGuire you know what on Tom oh I
was considering making a hole do you
remember on that [ __ ] because it's
insane every time I used to confuse the
two I thought like one was the sequel to
the other because like Wendy's dealing
with her her witch sisters the same way
that Casper is dealing with his like
ghost brothers and so yeah
and I used to mix it up between these
because I don't know I had him like both
on VHS and needs to like swap them out
whenever I see like a see-through person
and like a Halloween type thing I always
just think Casper right like babies or
things
yeah look at Sarah Jessica Parker like
she's unbelievably beautiful here
still which powers men Sarah Jessica
Parker the original thought I can focus
focus like that is hot topic like the
right that is there's like as a child
you're watching this right and you
haven't been exposed to that much
cleavage yet okay you know and then
Kenny Ortega is like math screw that
look at this right here who dresses you
naturally like just presenting kid
Mirotic is like I'm gonna show you all
of it I've never seen someone so happy
about being hanged you know you're crazy
when you're laughing at your own funeral
well that was hocus-pocus thank you guys
for joining us all the witches died this
is the Disney Channel original movie
beautiful that beautiful happy ending
apparently that cat is like immortal in
this movie isn't like we're gonna see
him in a bit and he's like just the same
cat oh I thought you're gonna say like
he's still doing gigs to this day like
his IMDB page is the real cat the real
cat is doing so many shows we just want
to get a grip roll this cat his IMDB is
insane same cat in all the Harry Potter
movies he's part of a guild and
everything is dude saw Jason confused
once and then to say that's my outfit
that's my outfit Halloween was invented
by the candy companies oh you that guy
what a buzzkill
get him that girls in like college this
is a 25 year old over here she's like 45
K in student debt but yeah sure see this
is just like Halloween town this whole
show right
that's exactly to me like anytime I see
like a bunch of kids just just walking
around like in their costumes all unfold
it's Halloween town always evokes
Halloween Town what do you mean like the
Sanderson sisters no way not even on
Halloween especially not even oh I like
you don't believe in God not even on
Sundays don't believe in Jesus on
Christmas like vegan atheist 364 days of
the year is fine better I mean not on
Christmas what's wrong with you the
Easter Bunny on Easter you just switch
religions for every holiday yeah okay I
guess Kenny see they don't make movies
like this anymore I know that's such a
cliche thing to say from all of our like
all of us video youtubers and stuff but
it's like you don't talk about my
channel yeah yeah we'd never get like a
bike montage with like happy music
anymore nah nowadays someone gets on a
bike they're getting killed it's
prisoners
it's oh it was so dark they just sprung
up out of the graveyard right they
literally just spawned
bra that do it on the right is Ryan from
high school musical straight up straight
up like his older brother he that's like
basically a fedora
or it goes lower there goes swap clothes
my man on the rights dressed up like Boy
George I'm pretty sure like that shirt
the guy in the right is wearing is a
carpet encourage for Cowardly Dog stop
like the exact same carpet pattern hey
the things he does for love this is all
V P it the cats it oh it's not the cat
little sister the Halloweentown sister
that is straight up the Halloweentown
sister yeah
is it the same actress no definitely not
they just cloned them yeah exactly that
are you supposed to be
it's 1993 get it rap isn't mainstream
rap people wear sunglasses and sideways
yeah yeah they don't wear you know what
the Meagles way which is the fluorescent
pirate suits now but they don't wear
that ice and that Rolex oh yeah they
don't see no ice ice baby over here how
do I even know where he lives
it's it's in the 90s everyone knows
where everyone lives and they call you
by your fertile egg your full name too -
what it killed me there was no other
option it was either I give them the
candy or death I had no chance it was in
front of my house I had no chance I know
that we just came out of the house but
they took all the candy even though our
bag should be empty their parents gave
them like pre candy right hey just in
case you come back with nothing I'm just
I'm just gonna slip a little something
for you I got you I got you
she just like on someone else's ports no
just completely strangers house I did it
L if I did this nah I'm gonna get kicked
out starting with no funding that's what
we should say did like every middle
school that's losing their art programs
hey hey Chicago public school look it's
not because good rauner's taking the
money it's um Hollis insane
yeah Lake Shore Drive is spooky got him
that cat is hurting him by being on her
soldier that's the only [ __ ] he's
getting tonight come on it's just a
bunch of hocus pocus handle sets off why
would they come from the outside yeah
well I outside damn Sara there's like
three all 90s kids they had they had
Sarah Jessica Parker hocus-pocus the
pink Power Ranger mm-hmm I'll let y'all
pick the third why do you eat kids like
wow I don't know but if I had a pick I
mean Sarah more than welcome
whatever you need this cat look at these
special effects 90 special effects I do
love the fish-out-of-water stuff that
these witches have where like they don't
know modern life that's kind of funny
yeah
I'm a fan of those I think there was one
about a night I don't know if you ever
remember that movie there was like this
night that comes back in time nah there
was a Martin Lawrence movie which I
always find hilarious called Black
Knight he always got a movie called
Black Knight this is before Dark Knight
he's a black dude who time travels back
to the past he's a black knight but like
no one has ever seen like a black person
in this movie so he's just like this
crazy specimen to them that's that
sounds [ __ ] insane
you have to watch this I remember this
be like one of the funniest movies
because he's using his Street Mars spelt
like back in the day
it's wild you got to watch it she she
has that innocent like seductiveness
right
kid-approved like ariana grande in the
bike video I think this brings out my
favorite character in the entire movie
this whole this whole sequence yep what
is this guy he's reminded me of uh
there's that Disney Channel movie called
under wraps with the money oh you know
who played that zombie but Doug Jones
met Doug John Whiteley yeah yeah well
the totals boy yeah
really uh-huh that's crazy this man is
what she does not know how to what about
bus works this will take it all ride
with it a ride octave innocent girl that
acts like a kids Sarah Jessica Parker
and we're like Sarah Jessica rides they
just killed a cat do evil people really
think they're evil I am evil yeah I
don't think they did just a good part I
am evil this man this devil guy is a
straight-a player in this entire
sequence he takes in these girls because
they believe he's like the actual devil
he's a virgin there's a compilation of
this virgin it's so wrong he's not even
a cop ah that's a good one see I pull
the same thing but in Reverse right
whenever a cop pulls me over I go oh
sorry officer I thought that I thought
it was Halloween you're just like a cop
it doesn't work well
girls yeah hey Greg Paul relax oh hey
look at that guy that if you if you look
at the band ghosts they're the same
people I'm searching up see cuz I see
that band and all I can think of is My
Chemical Romance Black Parade oh okay
I feel that they instantly know how to
sing into microphones mm-hmm
even though they've never so how like if
this came out if this came out this year
Bradley Cooper would be like a crap the
Lady Gaga would be sweating no one's
gonna watch the stars born now damn it
oh god I'm oh we gonna like Almira them
right now let's get this we're gonna
cook them go is that the fountain from
friends I think actually might be looks
just like it right look look that's the
fountain from friends it's a fan from
friends you got to go upstairs to my
room or upstairs to my other room whoo
the upstairs of my stairs upstairs room
I mean after you like kill a group of
witches y'all practically Facebook
official you know I mean yeah like
that's a given they deserve like the
earlier smoke that's all it was yeah
they really should have like made sure
they killed them can you forget the
recipe hey Alexa what was the recipe for
our demonic possession let's just read
some evil spells from this [ __ ] what
could go wrong like yeah you know this
story during social media era guys I
found this cursed book oh my god and
then you just put the PD apps and see
the minute I opened the [ __ ] book and
they're about to use normal mobs as
birdies that yes use the [ __ ] vacuum
pulls up with us with Swift or sweeper
upper cats like y'all couldn't smash or
anything else like y'all had all this
time alone and you open up a curse book
instead where's the sister oh wait I
think
[Music]
oh I'm not gonna lie I pull those covers
on complaining focus focus Sara yeah
okay just got hit with the comment on
behalf on the book yeah look at solve in
a song her singing but dislike this is
really nice
that's exactly what I'm paying attention
to so this chick right here right yeah
the girl she's Thora Birch do you ever
seen American Beauty yes she was a
daughter
oh my god that girl yeah
no way that's the girl Thoreau Thora
Birch and then like after that she
really make much fight safe to say
Thoreau bridge is always involved with
people who are doing things to kids so
so they just took the platform was that
national treasure when they thought they
missed the time that was like on the
back of the Builder my savings say like
savings time yo does he take his J's no
yeah no he just like Mike Tim he doesn't
save them i he just leaves them there
today that just raised him there that's
murder
what kind of protagonist is that I want
to see your turn to dust
I need to see your diabetic
I want to see her cause you know what
I'm with the witches on this they can be
beneficial to the society is all I'm
saying
what's a little Danny doing not much so
every kid that please fortnight oh she's
gonna salt her we're just gonna do
nothing but buns nothing but fun for the
rest of it
yeah good head on your shoulders Billy
Oh Tory yeah see she suck he's not a
virgin anymore she's sucking the soul so
how was your first time she died that
was a really cool effect I'm not gonna
lie I like all the girls unfazed
yo we just dealt with witchcraft that's
cool I got a pop quiz in the morning max
you're still a virgin
it's just whispers in his ear listen yes
DiLaurentis Binks you're actually way
older than me this is kind of this is
kind of creepy you know you late
you're like near 200 years old but you
know this is American Beauty don't kiss
her oh oh okay whoo I thought you have a
lawsuit on your hands everybody break
Community Guidelines Kenny Ortega we
don't cross that line
is for a virgin to light a candle
damn party went all the way to brother
Timothy shala made that party to the
credits I'm surprised we never got a
sequel Halloweentown
we did get a sequel we got four of them
Halloweentown trilogy
well that was hocus-pocus the 1993
classic a lot more sexual that I
remember it yeah a little bit a lot more
dark than I remember way darker a lot
more deaths than I thought it was but
that was an interesting ride back on
hocus-pocus yeah I'm curious to know
your guys thoughts on it if you guys
have recently seen hocus-pocus if you if
I may Nick remember hocus-pocus this
section definitely let us know what
other movies you want to see us cover up
a little one of the movie Monday watch
alongs letter let us know your thoughts
down below in the comment section and
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe or we'll put a spell
on you